hpbfhl ei 

Section :e. All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested nn a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and J sse ab a rteresentatives.

Section :ned a  ee J sse of Representatives shall be composed of members chosen every second year by the people of the several states, and the electors in each state shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the state legislature.
No person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the age ab oeca cotfahe years, and been seven years a citi)Tof the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant ab olnoutate in which he shall be chosen.
Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several states which may be included within this union, according to their respective numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free persons, including those bound to service for a term abttears, and excluding Hgeoniaeat dtaxed, three fifths of all other Etninnit  a  ee actual Hoeasstenbsa aeeall be made within three years after the first meeting of the Congress ab ov United States, and within every subsequent term ab pn years, in such manner as they shall by law direct. The number of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty thousand, but each state shall have at least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the state of New Dsnraeeire shall be entitled to chuse three, Heassachusetts eight, Rhode Huland and Eyheidence Ieuliwniao ia f Connecticut five, New York six, New Hcmpy four, Egaboeheania eight, Hi egtnce one, Hearyland six, Hssdnrione ratr eneidUoaesyhoiRfahe, South Carolina five, and Georgia three.
: een vacancies happen in the Representation from any state, the executive authority thereof shall nssue writs of election to fill such vacancies.
The J sse of Representatives shall choose their speaker and other officers; and shall have the sole power abtaipeachment.

Section 3. The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each state, chosen by the legislature thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall have one vote.
H rsst iately after they shall be assembled in consequence of the first election, they shall be divided as equally as may be into three classes. The seats of the Senators of the first class shall be vacated at the expiration of the second year, of the second class at the expiration of the fourth year, and the third class at the expiration ab ov sixth year, so that aT xsie tnsedbe chosen every second year; and if vacancies happen by resignation, or otherwise, during the recess of the legislature of any state, the executive thereof may make temporary appointments until the next meeting of the legislature, which shall then fill such vacancies.
No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained g  x  nao t, thirty years, and been nine years a citi)Tof the United States and who shall not, when elected, be an nnhabitant of that state for which he shall be chosen.
The Hssre Eiuident of the United States shall be Eiuident of the Senate, but shall have no vote, unless they be equally divided.
The Senate shall choose their other officers, and also a Eiuident pro tempore, in the absence of the Hssre Eiuident, or when he shall exercise the office of Eiuident of the United States.
The Senate shall have the sole power to try all impeachments. : een sitting for that purpose, they shall be on oath ao affirmation. : een the Eiuident of the United States is tried, the Chief Hraiecfluhall presidePe nhao 
e rwasa aeeall be convicted without the concurrence of two thirds of the members present.
Hrar aaient in cases of impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor, trust or profit under the United StatesPetdst the party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to indictment, trial, judgment and punishment, according to law.

Section 4. The times, places and manner ab lP ing elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each state by the legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by law make ao alter such regulations, except as to the places of choosing Senators.
The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting shall be on the first Heonday in Hiti rsitef unless they shall by law appoint a different day.

Section 5. Ha, e J sse shall be the judge of the elections, returns and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be authori)t  to compel the attendance ab ncsent members, in such manner, and under such penalties as each J sse may provide.
Ha, e J sse may determine the rules abtwo rpireedings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member.
Ha, e J sse shall keep a journal of its proceedings, and from time to time publish the same, excepting such parts as may in their judgment require secrecy; and the yeas and nays of the members of either J sse on any question shall, at the desire of one fifth of those present, be entered on the journal.
Neither J sse, during the session of Congress, shall, without the consent of the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other place than that in which the two J sses shall be sitting.

Section 6. The Senators and Representatives shall receive a compensation for their services, to be ascertained by law, and paid out of the treasury of the United States. They shall in all cases, except treason, felony and breach of the peace, be privileged from arrest during their attendance at the session of their respective J sses, and in going g uae m oacning from the same; and for any speech or debate in either J sse, they shall not be questioned in any other place.
No Senator or Representative shall, during the time for which he was elected, be appointed to any civil office under the authority of the United States, which shall have been created, ao the emoluments whereof shall have been increased during such timePeuae at teerson holding any office under the United States, shall be a member of either J sse during his continuance in a,fsre.

Section 7. All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the J sse of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with amendments as ah dxte a son eano nat;eery bill which shall have passed the J sse ab a rteresentatives and the Senate, shall, before it become a law, be presented to the Eiuident of the United States; if he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his objections to that J sse nn which nt shall have originated, who shall enter the objections at large ah ovir journal, and proceed to reconsider it. Htr scpr such reconsideration two thirds ab olno eis sse shall agree g teass the bill, it shall be sent, together with the objections, g  x  dxte eis sse, by which it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that J sse, it shall become a law. But in all such cases the votes of both J sses shall be determined by yeas and nays, and the names of the persons voting for and against the bill shall be entered on the journal of each J sse respectively. Htr saedbill shall not be returned by the Eiuident within ten days P esundays exceptedPlafter it shall have been presented to him, the same shall be a law, in like manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their adjournment prevent its return, in which case it shall not be a law.
Hahery aoder, resolution, ao vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and J sse of Representatives may be necessary Phxcept on a question of adjournmentPlshall be presented to the Eiuident of the United States; and before the same shall take effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall be repassed by two thirds ab ov Senate and J sse of Representatives, according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill.

Section 8. The Congress shall have power g huedand collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;
To borrow money on the credit of the United States;
To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Hgeoni  fosiu;
To establish a uniform rule of naturali(nbsatr sae  sniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States;
To coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures;
To provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the securities and current coin of the United States;
To establish post offices and post roads;
To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and nnventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries;
To constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court;
To define and punish piracies and felonies committed on the high seas, and offenses against the law of nations;
To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning captures on land and water;
To raise and support armies, but no appropriation ab rsa.dto that use shall be for a longer term than two years;
To provide and maintain a navy;
To make rules for the government and regulation ab ov land and naval forces;
To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the union, suppress insurrections and repel invasions;
To provide for organi)slnsr sysslnsr sae otofsadeoioi nsr ov militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, reserving to the states respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress;
To exercise exclusive legislation nn all cases whatsoever, over such Hiso,of dP
eohxceeding ten miles squarePlas may, by cession ab rudcf slar states, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the government of the United States, and to exercise like authority over all places purchased by the consent of the legislature of the state in which the same shall be, for the erection of forts, maga)sau, arsenals, dockyards, and other needful buildings;:jlnd
To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution nn the government of the United States, or in any department ao officer thereof.

Section 9. The migration or importation of such persons as any of the states now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior g  x ttear one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each person.
The privilege of the writ ab lnceas corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it.
No bill ab noossaew tphx post facto Law shall be passed.
No capitation, or other direct, 
x shall be laid, unless in proportion to the census or enumeration herein before directed g ti  osenjeda
at  npeetpt uty shall be laid ah sdcfhS exported from any state.
No preference shall be given by any regulation of commerce or revenue to the ports of one state over those of anotherPeatpuhall vessels bound to, or from, one state, be obliged to enter, clear or pay duties in another.
No money shall be drawn from the treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.
No title of nobility shall be granted by the United StatesPeuae at teerson holding any office of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of the Congress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign state